Rvsdocs reorg (#742)
ROCm/ROCmValidationSuite: docs/index.rst

.. meta::
  :description: ROCm Validation Suite documentation 
  :keywords: ROCm Validation Suite, RVS, ROCm, documentation

********************************************************************
ROCm Validation Suite documentation
********************************************************************

> The ROCm Validation Suite (RVS) is a system validation and diagnostics tool for monitoring, stress testing, detecting and troubleshooting issues that affects the functionality and performance of AMD GPU(s) operating in a high-performance/AI/ML computing environment. RVS is enabled using the ROCm software stack on a compatible software and hardware platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ROCm Validation Suite (RVS) is a system validation and diagnostics tool for monitoring, stress testing, detecting, and troubleshooting issues that affect the functionality and performance of AMD GPUs operating in a high-performance/AI/ML computing environment. RVS is enabled using the ROCm software stack on a compatible software and hardware platform.
```

Author: Fixed.

> RVS is a collection of tests, benchmarks and qualification tools each targeting a specific sub-system of the ROCm platform. All of the tools are implemented in software and share a common command line interface. Each set of tests are implemented in a “module” which is a library encapsulating the functionality specific to the tool. The CLI can specify the directory containing modules to use when searching for libraries to load. Each module may have a set of options that it defines and a configuration file that supports its execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RVS is a collection of tests, benchmarks, and qualification tools, each targeting a specific subsystem of the ROCm platform. All of the tools are implemented in software and share a common command-line interface. Each test set is implemented in a “module” which is a library encapsulating the functionality specific to the tool. The CLI can specify the directory containing modules when searching for libraries to load. Each module may have a set of options that it defines and a configuration file that supports its execution.
```

Author: Fixed.

> 

Reviewer: There should be a link to Github repository here?

Author: Fixed.
